add Sol Unterhanded Contest Announcement (#96)
ethereum/solidity-blog: _posts/2020-09-15-solidity-underhanded-contest.md

---
layout: post
published: true
title: 'The Solidity Underhanded Contest is back!'
date: '2020-09-18'
author: Franziska Heintel
category: Announcements
---

We're excited to share that the [Solidity Underhanded Contest](https://underhanded.solidity.rocks/) is finally back!

Inspired by the [Underhanded C Contest](http://www.underhanded-c.org/) and the first [Underhanded Solidity Contest](https://u.solidity.cc/), organized in 2017 by Nick Johnson, we decided it is time for a much needed revival.

![Solidity Underhanded Contest](/img/2020/09/Underhanded_Solidity.gif)

The goal of this contest is to write innocent-looking Solidity code, which pretends to clear and straightforward, but actually contains malicious behavior or backdoors.

By hosting such a contest we aim to:

+ Raise awareness about smart contract security.

> + Uncover language design faults and backdoors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Uncover language design faults.
```

+ Highlight anti-patterns in smart contact development.
+ Establish new best practices for secure smart contract development.

> 

Reviewer: Not sure about the exact formulation, but something like "battle-test newly introduced language features and restrictions'

## The Theme 🚪🔑

**This year's theme is upgradability of contracts, or, more specifically, upgrade mechanisms.**

> Since a smart contract in which a single account is authorized to arbitrarily change its implementation defeats the idea of decentralization, submissions need to contain a mechanism where code can be upgraded but users are (seemingly) still in control. 

Reviewer: The first and the second part of this sentence do not really match up - it sounds like a connecting part is missing.

Author: You are totally right. I tried to connect them. What do you think?

Consider the following aspects and properties for your submissions:

> + **Simplicity & Briefness**: Since it’s much easier to hide a vulnerability in complex and poorly written code, short and clean submissions will be scored higher than those that are lengthy and complicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **Simplicity & Briefness**: Since it's much easier to hide a vulnerability in complex and poorly written code, short and clean submissions will be scored higher than those that are lengthy and complicated.
```
